>> Steve Kinney: What we wanna do at
this point is we wanna actually begin to
iterate those documents.
We saw that we have this query snapshot.
Let's refactor this code a little bit and
then let's go ahead and
actually see all of these.
Now, we know that are no documents in
here yet, but we'll fix that momentarily.
But let's go ahead and
refresh this code a little bit.
Because everything's really promise-based,
you get really comfortable with promise
chaining, which is a art in and of itself.
Or we can just opt into the fancy new,
async/await syntax, right?
This is a Create React app,
so we do have Babel.
So I can use it with confidence, and
assume that it will transpile down
into what I need for older browsers.
So to have an asynchronous function,
all I need to do is put the word
async before the function.
And now, instead of doing then,
what I can do is I can say,
>> Steve Kinney: const
snapshot,
>> Steve Kinney: = await
firestore.collection, we don't
need that .then anymore.
>> Steve Kinney: Right, so
this looks kinda like that synchronous
code that we had before, but
under the hood it's using promises, and
this will wait for the promise to resolve.
And then it will go into
that snapshot object,
and I should see roughly the same
thing as what I had before.
Cool, so
that looks a lot easier and nicer.
That is going to be a syntax
that we use a lot today
because it is easier to reason about.
So the snapshot has a query snapshot,
which we know has a number of documents.
It has that forEach method on it,
so we'll say snapshot.forEach.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll go ahead right
now and we'll grab the const id = doc.id,
and now let's get all
the properties of the object.
Const data = doc.data, which is a method,
and then we'll console.log the id and
the data.